Title:
Invicta Men's Pro Diver Collection Stainless Steel Watch, Blue Dial Black Polyurethane Watch

Price:
Rs.13,000

Description:
With a bold design, this Invicta chronograph has a poised and calm ambience that’s sure to have you looking twice.
The super cool, silver and black Invicta Men's Pro Diver Collection Chronograph Black Dial Black Polyurethane Watch is a high-performance sports watch for the modern man. Start with a black dial with silver-tone dot indices to mark the hours and stylish subdials with full chronographic functionality and date information. The sleek display uses precise Swiss quartz movement to keep time and a durable scratch-resistant mineral crystal to protect the dial. The bezel is a bold contrast of silver tone Arabic numerals in increments of 10 on a black stainless steel ring. The case and crowns are silver-tone stainless steel and connect with a sporty polyurethane black and silver rubber band that uses a buckle clasp stay secured around your wrist. The timepiece is presented in a yellow gift box and is water resistant to 330 feet (100 meters).

About The Item:
Stainless steel case 48mm diameter x 16.8mm thick; Black dial; Luminous hands and hour markers
Japanese quartz movement, VD53 Caliber; Assembled in Japan; SR920SW battery included; Watch weight: 185 grams
Stainless steel and black silicone band, 220mm L x 26mm W; Buckle clasp
Flame Fusion crystal; Push/pull crown; Uni-directional stainless steel bezel with black top bezel ring; Functional Subdials: 60min, 60sec, 24hr; 100 meter water resistant: Suitable for recreational surfing, swimming, snorkeling, sailing and water sports. Not suitable for diving.
Function meets fashion in this Invicta watch, which features sophisticated design details such as a rotating date calendar and black sunray dial with silver-tone hands and markers.
Protective mineral crystal dial window
Features chronograph sub-dials, luminosity, unidirectional bezel, and date window at four o'clock position
Water resistant to 330 feet (100 M): suitable for snorkeling, as well as swimming, but not diving
