Title:
Amazfit GTR 3 Smart Watch 

Price:
Rs.37,000

Description:
This Smart Watch Allows You To Work With An Android Phone Or Even An iPhone With Alexa, GPS Fitness Tracker with 150 Sports Modes, 21-Day Battery Life, 1.39” AMOLED Display, Blood Oxygen Heart Rate Tracking, Waterproof, Black

About This Item:
【ALEXA BUILT-IN AND OFFLINE VOICE ASSISTANT】Easily set an alarm, ask a question, get a translation and more with Alexa, which is built into the Amazfit GTR 3 smart watch. If you’re out and don’t have internet access, the smartwatch also has an offline voice assistant for you to perform operations like engaging a sports mode or opening a health metric feature via voice command.
【21 DAYS LONG-LASTING BATTERY LIFE】The Amazfit GTR 3 activity tracker brings a kind of power and performance that's going to stay with you for a long, long time. Even with the vast array of advanced functions assembled within its slim and light body, the GTR 3 smart watch maintains a refined elegance only found in classic round watches, and yet still finds a way to integrate a powerful battery which can last for up to 21 days.
【150+ SPORTS MODES & GPS BUILT-IN】Whether you’re a team player or prefer the focus of working out by yourself, the Amazfit GTR 3 sports watch is the ultimate easy-to-use device. With over 150 built-in sports modes to suit your choice of activity, the activity tracker can track metrics like steps, calories burned, and more. Come with a barometric altimeter to help keep an eye on the altitude and air pressure of your outdoor activities, and supports GPS, GLONASS, Galileo, BDS and QZSS satellite navigation systems to accurately track your route.
【TEST FOUR HEALTH METRICS IN ONE TAP】With the Amazfit GTR 3 smart fitness watch, you can test your heart rate, blood-oxygen saturation, stress level and breathing rate in one single tap, for a result in as little as 45 seconds. Get the data you need and then get on with your day.
【VIBRANT WATCH FACES & ALWAYS-ON DISPLAYS】The Amazfit GTR 3 smart watch offers more than 100 stylish watch faces, all of which have a matching always-on display. You can choose from 15 animated watch faces and prioritize preferred features with 8 editable watch faces - or even upload your own photo as the background image. With unprecedented visual clarity that reaches up to 326 ppi, the Amazfit GTR 3 smartwatch has 1.39-inch truly clear & easy-to-read HD AMOLED display.
【POWERFUL ZEPP OS】Easily find what you’re looking for among the Amazfit GTR 3 smartwatch’s applications thanks to the intuitive Zepp OS. With most animations reaching 60 FPS, along with a specifically tailored UI, the Zepp OS makes navigating to the feature you need a seamless interaction that consumes less power. Experience a mini app framework with a rich ecosystem including 10+ mini apps and even the Home Connect third-party app.