Title:
EIGIIS Military Smart Watch Compatible with iPhone & Android Phone

Price:
Rs.7000

Description:

Brand	EIGIIS
Color	Black
Special Feature	Phone Call
Compatible Devices	Smartphones : smartphones|smart phones|android phones
Screen Size	1.28 Inches
Operating System	Android 4.4 and above; IOS 9.0 and above; Bluetooth 5.0
Age Range (Description)	Men
Style	Outdoor
Connectivity Technology	Bluetooth
Shape	Round


About This Item:
【BUILT-IN SPEAKER & BLUETOOTH CALLING】- With built-in speaker, EIGIIS android smart watch supports Bluetooth calling and playing music. After connecting to Bluetooth of the smart watch, you can make calls on your watch, view various notifications such as SMS and SNS (Facebook, WhatsApp, Instagram, Wechat and Twitter ) through your smart watch without turning on your phone. Anytime, anywhere communication brings you a convenient life!
【24H PROTECT AND MONITOR YOUR HEALTH】- EIGIIS smart watch can detect your heart rate and sleep quality in real time throughout the day. Tracking blood pressure and blood oxygen and automatically monitor real-time heart rate. Through comprehensive monitoring of sleep quality data, record your sleep state, understand your sleep quality and adjust your sleep habits.
【OUTDOOR SPORTS SMART WATCH】- EIGIIS fitness tracker watch using a 1.28" high-definition full touch screen. It has a variety of exercise modes, including running, walking, cycling, skipping, basketball, football, badminton etc. It can perform real-time heart rate monitoring and accurately record all-day activities, such as pedometer, distance, calories burned, heart rate and active time through intelligent exercise algorithms.
【SMARTWATCH FOR ANDROID PHONES IPHONE】- The EIGIIS smart watch for android phones (4.4 above system) and compatible with iPhone (8.0 above system). With a 400mAh battery it only takes 2-3 hours to charge can be used for up to 7 days( only use to connect with APP) or 25 days standby time. NOTE: If the smartwatch uses dial answer calls& music playback functions, it can be used for 3-5 days. IP65 waterproof allows you to wash hands without taking it off, but NOT support swimming, take shower/sauna.