Title:
Amazfit Bip U Pro Smart Watch with Alexa Built-In for Men & Women

Price:
Rs.33,799

Description:
Amazfit Bip U Pro Smartwatch is designed to give consumers an attractive alternative to today's pricey smartwatches. Boasting a 225mAh battery to deliver up to 9 days of endurance on a single charge. It also has 60+ sports modes with high-precision GPS letting you exercise at a higher level. With 5 ATM water resistance, this fitness tracker can resist any of your daily activities even swimming. Come with multiple health tracking features include 24/7 heart rate monitoring, sleep quality & stress level monitoring, menstrual cycle tracking, and blood-oxygen-level measurement, allowing you to better understand your health. With a 1.43‘’ large HD color screen and 50 watch faces to choose from, the Amazfit Bip U Pro fitness watch matches seamlessly your personal style. Amazon Alexa Built-In, Compatible with Android 5.0 or iOS 10.0 and above devices.

About This Item:
【ALEXA & GPS BUILT-IN】You can talk to Amazon Alexa on your Amazfit Bip U Pro smartwatch, Ask questions, get translations, check the weather, control your smart home devices and more. And get precise tracking of your distance, daily step count thanks to integrated GPS.
【60+ SPORTS MODES & 5 ATM WATERPROOF】Featuring 60+ sports modes to help you exercise at a higher level. Water-resistant up to 50 meters, you can wear the fitness watch for swimming and it will record your achievements even underwater.
【MORE HEALTH TRACKING METRICS】The Amazfit Bip U Pro smart watch can provide all-around health tracking, allowing you to accurately track 24-hour heart rate, blood oxygen levels, stress levels, sleep quality, and female menstrual cycle.
【LONG 9-DAY BATTERY LIFE】When fully charged you can relax and enjoy more than a full week of travel or work without worrying about chargers.
【DESIGN FOR ALL-DAY COMFORT】Amazfit Bip U Pro fitness tracker only weighs 31 grams, An ultra-light design you can barely feel when striving for peak performance. ​Featuring a 1.43” large color screen with 320x302 pixel resolution, creates an exquisite visual display, making all incoming calls, messages, and reminders extremely clear.