Title:
Disney Men's Mickey Mouse Silver-Tone Watch with Black Band

Price:
Rs.1800

Description:
Everyone loves the animated characters made famous by Disney, and now EwatchFactory lets you choose your child’s favorite one to help them learn how to tell time safely with the first hypoallergenic stainless steel kid’s Time Teacher watch line. Each is free of lead, mercury, cadmium, nickel – and worry. The bold numbers make it easy to read, plus the hour and minute hands are labeled so your child can learn faster. Includes an instructive “Time to Tell Time” insert. Japanese quartz movement provides accuracy while a Velcro-close nylon strap allows kids to put the watch on by themselves. Water resistance up to 100 feet keeps the watch safe from sink splashes, too. Comes in a sleek eggshell case. EwatchFactory is a licensed manufacturer of Disney watches.
Keep track of time with this officially licensed Disney Men's Vintage Watch by Ewatchfactory on your wrist. The timepiece displays artwork from your favorite Disney character on the face, and is designed with labeled "hour" and "minute" hands to help young ones learn how to tell time. This classic watch has a polished and matte steel finish and a precision Japan movement for accurate time keeping and a 1 year manufacturer warranty.

About The Item:
OFFICIALLY LICENSED DISNEY WATCH- For the Disney Lover, this Officially Licensed Disney Watch features fan favorite beloved characters straight from Disney movies.
EXCEPTIONALLY DESIGNED- Our timepieces were designed to stay simply classic with a vintage inspired look, suitedable to be worn for business or everyday use. Case diameter measures 44mm and strap/bracelet size of 22mm.
QUALITY MATERIALS- Crafted with the highest quality material for cases and straps and precise Japanese Quartz Movement for accurate time keeping. This watch also features a scratch-resistant mineral crystal to help protect your timepiece.
WATER RESISTANT- Up to 30 meters (100ft), meaning safe to wear in the rain or get splashed. DO NOT recommend wearing it when bathing, swimming, diving, etc.
